## Basic Usage

Running `rubocop` with no arguments will check all Ruby source files
in the current directory:

```sh
$ rubocop
```

Alternatively you can pass `rubocop` a list of files and directories to check:

```sh
$ rubocop app spec lib/something.rb
```

Here's RuboCop in action. Consider the following Ruby source code:

```ruby
def badName
  if something
    test
    end
end
```

Running RuboCop on it (assuming it's in a file named `test.rb`) would produce the following report:

```
Inspecting 1 file
W

Offenses:

test.rb:1:5: C: Use snake_case for method names.
def badName
    ^^^^^^^
test.rb:2:3: C: Use a guard clause instead of wrapping the code inside a conditional expression.
  if something
  ^^
test.rb:2:3: C: Favor modifier if usage when having a single-line body. Another good alternative is the usage of control flow &&/||.
  if something
  ^^
test.rb:4:5: W: end at 4, 4 is not aligned with if at 2, 2
    end
    ^^^

1 file inspected, 4 offenses detected
```

For more details check the available command-line options:

```sh
$ rubocop -h
```

Command flag              | Description
--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------
`-v/--version`            | Displays the current version and exits.
`-V/--verbose-version`    | Displays the current version plus the version of Parser and Ruby.
`-L/--list-target-files`  | List all files RuboCop will inspect.
`-F/--fail-fast`          | Inspects in modification time order and stops after first file with offenses.
`-C/--cache`              | Store and reuse results for faster operation.
`-d/--debug`              | Displays some extra debug output.
`-D/--display-cop-names`  | Displays cop names in offense messages.
`-E/--extra-details`      | Displays extra details in offense messages.
`-c/--config`             | Run with specified config file.
`-f/--format`             | Choose a formatter.
`-o/--out`                | Write output to a file instead of STDOUT.
`-r/--require`            | Require Ruby file (see [Loading Extensions](#loading-extensions)).
`-R/--rails`              | Run extra Rails cops.
`-l/--lint`               | Run only lint cops.
`-a/--auto-correct`       | Auto-correct certain offenses. *Note:* Experimental - use with caution.
`--only`                  | Run only the specified cop(s) and/or cops in the specified departments.
`--except`                | Run all cops enabled by configuration except the specified cop(s) and/or departments.
`--auto-gen-config`       | Generate a configuration file acting as a TODO list.
`--no-offense-counts`     | Don't show offense counts in config file generated by --auto-gen-config
`--exclude-limit`         | Limit how many individual files `--auto-gen-config` can list in `Exclude` parameters, default is 15.
`--show-cops`             | Shows available cops and their configuration.
`--fail-level`            | Minimum [severity](#severity) for exit with error code. Full severity name or upper case initial can be given. Normally, auto-corrected offenses are ignored. Use `A` or `autocorrect` if you'd like them to trigger failure.
`-s/--stdin`              | Pipe source from STDIN. This is useful for editor integration.
`--[no-]color`            | Force color output on or off.

Default command-line options are loaded from `.rubocop` and `RUBOCOP_OPTS` and are combined with command-line options that are explicitly passed to `rubocop`.
Thus, the options have the following order of precedence (from highest to lowest):

1. Explicit command-line options
2. Options from `RUBOCOP_OPTS` environment variable
3. Options from `.rubocop` file.

### Cops

In RuboCop lingo the various checks performed on the code are called cops. There are several cop departments.

You can also load [custom cops](#custom-cops).

#### Style

Most of the cops in RuboCop are so called style cops that check for
stylistic problems in your code. Almost all of the them are based on
the Ruby Style Guide. Many of the style cops have configurations
options allowing them to support different popular coding
conventions.

#### Lint

Lint cops check for possible errors and very bad practices in your
code. RuboCop implements in a portable way all built-in MRI lint
checks (`ruby -wc`) and adds a lot of extra lint checks of its
own. You can run only the lint cops like this:

```sh
$ rubocop -l
```

The `-l`/`--lint` option can be used together with `--only` to run all the
enabled lint cops plus a selection of other cops.

Disabling any of the lint cops is generally a bad idea.

#### Metrics

Metrics cops deal with properties of the source code that can be measured,
such as class length, method length, etc. Generally speaking, they have a
configuration parameter called `Max` and when running
`rubocop --auto-gen-config`, this parameter will be set to the highest value
found for the inspected code.

#### Performance

Performance cops catch Ruby idioms which are known to be slower than another
equivalent (and equally readable) idiom.

#### Rails

Rails cops are specific to the Ruby on Rails framework. Unlike style
and lint cops they are not used by default and you have to request them
specifically:

```sh
$ rubocop -R
```

or add the following directive to your `.rubocop.yml`:

```yaml
Rails:
  Enabled: true
```
